Hello!

Thank you for taking the time to look at this, I had a lot of fun.

I’m submitting a single Merge Request because I wanted to focus my time on building features. You’ll find detailed commit messages throughout. (And just to note: I would never submit an MR this large under normal circumstances)

FRONT END
I started with the front end. I added an interface for the advocate to establish a contract and introduce type safety.

There was some vanilla DOM manipulation that I replaced with a useState hook for searchTerm.

I renamed a few variables to handleResetSearch and handleSearchChange, for clarity.

I made the search case-insensitive and added a catch block to handle potential errors gracefully.

To improve the UI, I added Tailwind styling for better spacing, responsiveness, and a generally cleaner look.

I also included loading states to give the UI a smoother feel when there are delays.

Oh yes, and I added a toggle to give the user a card view of the advocates. I originally did the card view only but then opted to have both to maintain the original assignment and also show off some other options.

With more time here, I would have done separate components for each individual piece. For example, a SearchBarComponent, an AISearchBarComponent, a AdvocateCardComponent, and even maybe a ToggleComponent (in case we would ever want to reuse).

DATABASE

I uncommented the DB integration as suggested in the README, spun up the Docker container, and ran the migration.

To support environment variables, I installed dotenv.

BONUS

While I committed ~2 hours to the scoped work above, I spent a little extra time experimenting with something I thought could meaningfully elevate the user experience.

I've never integrated an LLM into a project before — though I work closely with ML models in my day-to-day.

I built a prototype of a feature using Hugging Face’s inference API and an off-the-shelf Mini Language Model (MLM).

This early implementation lets users describe their needs in natural language to help them find the right advocate! I think this is something that could be a game changer for accessibility and usability.

Unlike ChatGPT or other LLMs, this model doesn’t hold context across sessions, but it does support semantic similarity matching between the user’s query and advocate summaries.

Semantic similarity matching is the process of comparing text based on meaning, not exact words. It uses vector embeddings generated by a llm or mlm to capture the contextual relationships between words, phrases, or sentences.

If I had more time I probably would have further enchanced the UI and dove deeper into a better language model option that gave a more curated recommendation for advocates.

Looking forward to chatting and thanks again!

Best,
Jasmine

